Angus and Mal question the tied up clerk demanding information about the owner of the warehouse and any knowledge of what is beneath the trap door. Unfortunately for them he doesn't appear to have much knowledge as he is merely the night clerk. They also force him to divulge personal information such as where he lives and where his parents lives. They then threaten them if his information is found to be false. He is then knocked out and placed with the other guards.

The group then moves the empty chest (empty thanks to Cig) and opens the trap door. They then proceed down the spiral stair case where the locked door proves to be no barrier to Cig. The door opens up into a room and they see a thug lurking in the door way on the other side on the room. Upon seeing them he darts out and runs away.

Impatiently Mal pushes Cig into the room and into a surprise attack by a thug who was waiting unseen at the side of the door. After dispatching the thug Little Claw notices a glowing glass ball which appears to have warned the thugs that company was coming. The party rush after the fleeing thug into a dead-end. Mal rushes to the blocking wall and in his haste fails to notice the trigger for a poison dart trap. He manages to avoid taking any damage though and he easily finds that the wall is a false door left unlocked by the fleeing thug.

They proceed down the corridor to another door which once opened revels 2 more thugs with crossbows couched behind some crates as well as a tied up Caelom and 2 young mages. The thugs immediately fires at the group injuring Mal who rushing into the room and is surprised by the fleeing thug who attempted to ambushing him from the side of the door but the speed of his rush moves him past too quickly for the thug. 

After sending a few spells that injure Mal and Eli, one of the mages flees from the room through another door and the other took up a position behind Caelom using him as a meat shield. After the party kills most of the thugs and injuring her badly the remaining mage thrusts a dagger into the chest of Caelom and starts drawing in large amounts of magical energy. She cries "For the Cause" before overloading herself and exploding. She failed to take into account the distance the party was from her however and only managed to kill Ciag (Angus's familiar).

Little Claw rushed forward to heal Caelom but the magical energy dissipates as it touches him. They find that he has been bound by magic draining cuffs, which ironically probably saved his life from the mages overload. They remove the cuffs and heals Caelom who turns to the party and tells them to hurry to the room to the north before the other mage destroys all the evidence. Angus convinces him that he is in no fit state to leave by himself.

They head to the room only to find the other mage has set it on fire and flees as soon as the party appears. They rush into the burning room to attempt to gather as much evidence as possible. Soon however the fire and smoke is too much for them and they are forced out of the room. Cig fails to make it out and collapses face down in the room. Little Claw drags him out with the use of grasping vine.

The final door from the corridor leads to the sewers and  Cig suggest they leave as the sewers are likely to be used by unfriendly's who would take umbrage at trespassers. As Little Claw hears voices approaching the groups quickly close and locks the door and leaves the way they came with Caelom in tow.

After resting in the in they had rented from in the docks, Mal attempts to sneak out as soon as he wakes up only to see a large plume of smoke coming from the Noble quarter of the city. The rest of the party join him as he rushes to investigate. Long lines of people are passing water buckets back and forth trying to stop the blaze at Lady Granus's estate from spreading. Mal in a burst of bravery attempts to enter the burning building to rescue who he could joined by Little Claw who had changed into his giant otter form...

They are both forced out by the flame but when Angus uses Pyrotechnics to extinguish some of the fire they re-enter the building. Mal stays on the ground floor finding 2 bodies one of which is presumed to be Lady Granrus. Unknown to the rest of the party Mal takes 2 fingers from each of the bodies and attempts to find some silverware to steal before being forced out of the building by the fire. 

Little Claw heads to the 1st floor, his initial attempt failed as the stairs collapse with him on it. Undaunted to attempts again but this time in the form of an ape. He reaches the 1st floor and find the butler, Jooves, unconscious and pinned by a fallen beam. He attempts to lift the beam and succeeds but then realises that there is no one to pull Jooves away. With a burst of inspiration he realises as a ape he has Handfeet! and attempts to balance on one foot whilst holding up the beam and with the other foot pull Jooves free. It end with himself pinned by the beam. Luckily he was not badly hurt and manages to free himself and carries Jooves out of the building.
