After returning to the Springwell Inn, Angus spent the rest of the evening and the beginning of the next day concentrating on empowering a silk glove with magic and with a bout of creativity enhants it with magehand. Feeling pretty pleased with himself he gifts his first crafted magical item to Cig.

Over lunch the party discuss what their next steps are. After a lengthy discussion they decide to head to the Marshal's contact within the Thieves guild, a silk dealer in the merchant quarter. As they enter the shop Mal is greeted by the exuberant owner as a loyal customer wanting to pick up a purchase. He is led to the back of the shop with Angus joining them. He takes them to a small office where he uses a hidden magic item to prevent eavesdropping, he turns to the, his facade dropping. He gives them a package wrapping with a blue silk bow as well as another length of silk of the same colour. He explains that they have to put whatever message they wish to deliever to the Thieves guild into a pouch and tie it with the ribbon, then head to the central market and wonder around with the package in plain sight. He then leads them back to the front shop where he puts his facade back up.

As the party makes their way to the market they decide upon the message they should send to the guild. They decide on " have need of agents to carry out some discreet work. The job pays handsomely. I can be reached at the Jolly Workman, I will be drinking there until this evening. I trust I shall hear from you soon.". With that, Mal uses a spell to disguise himself as merchant, takes the pouch with the message and the package and walks around the central market. Angus sits at a cafe and uses his familiar Ciad to keep a lookout while Cig and Eli try to blend into the crowds and Little Claw transforms into a cat, each of them keeping an eye on Mal hoping to spot any agents of the guild. Unfortunately Mal was easily distracted by the shiny things on sale and did not notice the pouch being lifted from him until after they party decided to give up and head back to the inn.

Heading to the Jolly Workman inn Angus and Mal decide to share the task of disguising themselves as the merchant and sitting waiting for the guild to make contact. It was during Mal's stint that the guild slip a message to him while he is once again distracted. The message gives a time, 2am and a place, alleyway between the craftsman and slums, to meet. While Angus and Mal head back to the Springwell Inn, Cig, Eli and Little Claw, still in cat form, decided to scout out the meeting place. Little Claw spots and following a figure on the rooftops but loses it as it enters a building. Returning to the rest of the scouting party they notice they are being watched and decided to head back to the inn.

At the appropriate time they head to the meeting place, Angus, Mal and Little Claw as the intial group while Cig and Eli attempting to oversee the meet fromt he rooftops. While Eli did make it, Cig failed to climb up and inorder to remain hidden stays at ground level. At the meeting place sat a lone female and with Angus taking the lead they try to convince her that the guild should help them. It seems partly successful as out of the shadows a large group emerges and surrounds them with both Cig and Eli snuck up upon and held at knife point. The group are blindfolded and led around and into a building where the blindfolds are removed and they are led down a concealed hole to the sewers.

There they are showned to a room guarded by 2 half orcs. Entering they find a richly appointed room with an old gnome sat behind a desk, intently reading and writing with a ledger. After a short conversation he details how a group had used the mythos behind the name "The Shadow League" to takeover the slums from the Thieves Guild which ahs been the cause of all the unrest in the slums. The group agree to head to the underpass of the slums and to find out whether the leader of the guild in charge of the slums has been killed or is actively helping the Shadow League.

The party is again led through the sewers until they reach a grate. They are then given more directions to one of the last enterances to the underpass of the slums. They follow the directions, noting that this part of the sewers are alot cleaner than the rest. They find the hole in the sewer wall and a tunnel leading to a door covered by 9 symbols. Mal figures that the symbols represent the nine levels of Hell and that they should be placed in the same order as the tome Angus was given. As this is being done, Little Claw hears movement coming towards the party from down the tunnel so he Cig and Eli backtrack to investigate. As they do so a large black ooze like creature drops from the the ceiling separating the 2 halves of the party.

In the ensuing battle, Mal is driven to unconsciousness acid eating into his armour. After healing Mal, the party one again try to open the door and trip a trap when the wrond sequence of symbols where entered. As they regroup more noise is heard down the tunnel. Another ooze is spotted and the party rush to open the door by reversing the order they originally tried. They piled through the door and slam it shut just as the ooze reached them. Mal then taunted the ooze by knocking on the door, to which the ooze slams against the doot triggering the trap. Embolden by this he knocks again. This time the ooze tried to slip under the door as the party looke don in horror. Fortunately for them this triggers the trap once again and they convince Mal not to knock again. 
