After catching their breath the Hand heals up abit and then starts looking around the room for any information regarding the Shadow League. Angus investigated the chest and notices that there are runes around the lock indicating a trap. They debate the best way to open it without tripping the trap as Cig no longer had any tools with which to help him. They also find within the desk several pieces of parchment that have a series of numbers as well as a few words. Mal decides to take the Slum Lord’s head as prove to the Marshal.

They decide to try to move the chest using the parties combined Mage Hands, Little Claw grabs the spear of the Slum Lord and throws it at the chest piecing one of the runes and trigger the trap. The chest’s lid springs open revealing a black orb that pulls everything towards it. Little Claw grabs onto the door frame and casts Thorn Whip to catch Eli. Mal grabs onto the table which is being pulled into the orb which start to disintegrate. Eli pull are rope out and send it towards Angus and Cig. Angus tries to send a Firebolt to the orb but that only makes it grow. The force is too strong for Little Claw and he loses his grip on the door and falls towards the orb but manages to cast another Thorn whip at the other door halting his descent into the orb. Eli manages to pull herself into the doorway and pull Angus and Cig towards the door and Mal grabs at the rope. More of the furniture gets sucked into the orb growing it to a 5 foot diameter at which point the orb instantly shrinks to a marble and becomes inert.

Angus inspects the rest of the room and finds a well used copy of the same manuscript they had previously been given by Lady Granrus and Little Claw deduces that it is the code book used to decode the messages on the parchment.

They climb up the hidden stairs to find an empty house. After search the house but finding nothing they head out into the slums, stealthing back to the Springwell Inn. On the way they decide to split up, some to Palace to report to the Marshal, Mal to their Thieves guild contact and Angus to the Library to sell the rare tomes.

The Marshal and Arcanist gathers some guards to send the portal and the marble to investigate.

The party returns to the inn to rest up where they rent out the rooms for a further couple of days. When they head to their rooms they are given a free round of drinks. After some time investigating and talking about the code Little Claw breaks the code and manages to translate the coded messages which seems to suggest that LT (who the party believes is Lord Tanafrey) was in league with the rogue mages but was in danger of being taken care off. They attempt to fine him in the Nobles quarters but are told that he stays at the palace.

They decide that they are in need of rest before continuing despite the the danger to Lord Tanafrey. In the morning they head to the Palace and talk to the Marshal again asking about Lord Tanafrey. They learn that he has been behaving oddly for the last 6 months as had High Merchant Xavier. A guard is sent to Lord Tanafrey to ask for an audience but the party is denied and they send a message to him instead. Little Claw wild shapes into a mouse and follows the messenger.  The messenger leads Little Claw to a room where he gives the message to a cowled female. After memorising her scent he returns to the party who were waiting in the gardens of the palace for him.

As they discuss what to do they see several people sneaking around the back of the palace and they follow. They see them go under the palace through a secret tunnel. Revealing the secret opening causing Mal to tumble down the stone stairs hitting the door at the bottom. Angus sends Caid dive bombing after Mal, hitting the door with enough force to send the back to the Feywild.
