Explored the tunnel system. Found serveral places where there is evidence that they have been used as a living/storage area. One particular area has multiple corpses that have been stripped of their flesh. Corpses of adults and well as children. While investigating the party is attack by a Carrion Crawler which had taken up residence here. After defeating it they continue exploring the system until where they find a looked door. Behind which they find ~40 people chained up to large spikes that have been driven into the group, 8 people per spike. They discover that these are a mixture of members of the thieves guild who worked for the King of the Slums and people who have been brought down here. The spokes person for the prisoners was a sub lieutenant of the thieves guild called Naren. He tells the party how the group called the Shadow League had first worked with the slums thieves guild before betraying them and lauching a hostile takeover. He also tells them how at regular intervals groups of them are taken away. Cig manages to pick most of the locks releasing the prisoners but 1 is stubburn. Little Claw attempts to pull the spike out of the ground but in doing so puts his back out. They then combine efforts to smach the skipe releasing the last of the prisoners, who then head for the exits.

The party continues on finding the enterance to the main hideout of the slums thieves guild. Cig once again picks the lock forgetting to check for traps but deftly avoids the poison needle the strikes out. They encounter a patrol and quickly defeat them but the noise alerts other members in a room who are prepared for them as they enter. A tougher fight occurs but the party is eventually victorious. They move to explore the other doors before moving on and find what appears to be a storeroom and then the last door is locked but when Cig attempts to pick it he misjudges it badly and breaks his pick locks.

Carrying on they encounter a small fiend which flies off and warns another patrol which the party defeats but they are then down to the bear minimum of spells. Feeling over condifident Little Claw decides to kick down one of the doors they had passed to reveal a sleeping area and a large group of sleeping people who instantly wake up and move to attack. The party tries to intimidate them into giving up but they are too fanatical and move towards their weapons. The party manages to damage of destory most of them soome of the thieves move to grapple members of the party while the others arm themselves. They manage to knock Little Claw unconcious and bring Mal close to death but due to the constant damage output that Eli manages to put out whilst grappled they finally defeat the theives.
