Session 22 - Code Word Confusion

 

After surveying the camp further and narrowly escaping a guard patrol, the party enters one of the buildings through a window. They find themselves in a small bedroom. Whilst the others try to hide, Mal continues alone into the main room of the
building. There he finds a female tiefling. He attempts to trick the woman into believing that he is a colleague of hers. She is not fooled and reveals herself to be Mal's sister before alerting the guards, who manacle Mal and begin to lead him from the building. Mal's cryptic calls for help fall on deaf ears until Angus speaks directly into his mind and learns of the danger. The rest of the group leap into action and a fight breaks out.

Angus immediately immobilises the tiefling and the party begins dispatching the guards. Suddenly, the sound of dozens of footsteps can be heard outside as the mind-controlled prisoners block the exit of the building, lashing out through the open door. Mal is able to magically subdue the horde while the party tries to find the source of the mind-control. Angus realises that it originates from the tiefling's belt and is eventually able to assume control of the prisoners. The guards and tiefling are knocked unconscious.

As in the other forest camp, children are being used to fuel the portal in the centre of the encampment. Cigfrain and Eli are together able to free them. The party's attention then turns to the large devil which they assume will be returning to the
camp soon. Eli and Cigfrain take watch as Mal and Angus rouse and interrogate the tiefling while probing her thoughts. They learn her name, Pelarna, as well as the fact that she works with the mages whom the party have fought before. Pelarna harbours a a deep resentment of her father and what she refers to as Mal's 'ilk'. She speaks of a temple by a lake and reveals that the purpose of her organisation is to increase the power of a fiendish entity called The Master, who is at odds with her father. She also tells them the location of another camp. Finally, she reveals that she and Mal have hundreds of other siblings, some of whom also work for The Master. At Mal's request, she is spared immediate execution.

Having gleaned all they could from Pelarna, and with the threat of the returning fiend not as imminent as first thought, the party convenes in private. Angus worries for the state of the group, and offers Pelarna's enchanted short sword to Cigfrain in exchange for mutual, unqualified loyalty. Cig is not prepared to agree to such broad terms and Little Claw questions Angus' need to have such things put into writing. Everyone except Little Claw agrees not to willingly attack each other, or else they will be responsible for the next night's drinks. Upon signing a contract to this effect drafted by Mal, they each feel a peculiar sensation.
