Session 21 - Attempted flight of the Owls

During the recovery after the fight at the portal, Little Claw feels that the party are being watched. The search the tree line where Eli notices a pair of golden eyes starring at them from the northern edge. They quickly disappear as soon as they notice that they have been spotted.

There is also a worn path from the portal heading in that direction so the party decides to follow it. As they move deeper into the forrest the atmosphere gets more and more oppressive. The party starts to here howls getting closer and closer. They decide to hidden up some trees to try to ambush whatever is getting closer. While they wait whatever was following them stays mainly hidden but by the movement of the surrounding foliage the party see that they are being surrounded. Deciding that decretion is the better part of valour, Little Claw conjures 4 Giant Owls next to members of the party. He climbs on one and commands it to grab Eli as it flies by. They rest of the party attempt to follow on their own Owls as a large group of Hell Wolves appear from their hidingplaces. Also from the north appears a large winged fiend wielding a fiery whip and a longsword.. With a growl it leaps up using its wings to add it and grapples the owl carrying Cig, causing it to crash into the group and fling Cig off.

See as a member of their party is now grounded the rest decide to fight. Augus's tree is set alight as he manages to blind one of the wolves but also himself in the process. During the fight the owl carrying Little Claw and Eli is also grappled to the ground by the fiend. Things were looking grim for the party when a Halfling Druid with a wolf companion appears from the north. With his help the fiend is defeated which causes the hell wolves to be disoriantated and many of them to flee.

The halfling turns out to be Eli Uncle Eldorin who takes out a flask and begins flicking the party with the foul smelling liquid contained within. He then urges them to move quickly away and to the north. He takes them to a hidden underground cavern where is ignores the party and begins muttering to himself. In an attempt to engage with Eldorin, Angus reaches for him only to be bitten by the wolf. After failing to get anything out of Eldorin, Little Claw cast Lesser Restoration on him bring him back to himself.

He then tells the party how he believed it was his fault that his and Eli's tribe had been taken during to him being the person who bought the whistle. He also describes the other camps that the devils have setup in the forrest as well as the fact that many have been taken below the lake. Mal gives a rousing speech on how it was not his fault,that there are still members of his tribe that are alive and that his has an important mission to save them.

The next morning the party awakens to find Eldorin gone with a message scrawled on the wall that he has gone to start his important mission. They decide to head East to one of the bigger camps that Eldorin described to them. As the move toward the camp, Andus uses Caid as a scout, sending her up at regular intervals to see what's around. She notices several patrols of hell wolves and helps the party avoid all of them. See also notices a large number of crows around. As they get closer to the camp the appears to be be seveal ravens all looking away from the camp. Believing that they are imps in disguise the party attempts to sneek pass them. When he sees one of them appear to notice them, Angus lifts his wand of Magic missiles and takes it out.

Reaching the edge of the camp, the party sees a large number of what appears to be prisoners with collars around their necks. They also see a few guards around who also appear to be collared. A patrols of hell wolves enters the camp and heads to one of the buildings from which emerges another of the fiends that they had just fought.
